Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? Snowballs.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side... of the cemetery.
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
What do you call a black man on the moon? An astronaut, you racist.
Why did the little boy drop his ice cream? He was hit by a bus.
Why did the girl fall off the swing? She had no arms.
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair.
How many dead babies does it take to change a light bulb? Apparently, not eight because my basement is still dark.
What's the difference between a dead baby and a trampoline? I take my shoes off before jumping on a trampoline.
What's the difference between acne and a Catholic priest? Acne waits until you're at least 13 to come on your face.
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas? Gloves! No, just kidding... he still hasn't unwrapped his present.
Why did Hitler commit suicide? He got his gas bill.
How many Jews can you fit in a car? 2 in the front, 3 in the back, and 6 million in the ashtray.
What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer? A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
What do you call an epileptic in a vegetable garden? Seizure salad.
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb? You can unscrew a light bulb.
How do you know when a joke is a dad joke? When the punchline is apparent.
Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? A mosquito stops sucking when you smack it.
What do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire? Frostbite.
How do you make a plumber cry? Kill his family.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off.
Why did the deaf guy get fired from his job? He couldn't hear his boss's sexual harassment.
Why did the orphan go to church? To hear about a loving father.
Why did the woman cross the road? Who cares? What is she doing out of the kitchen?
What's the difference between a Taliban outpost and a Pakistani elementary school? I don't know, I just fly the drone.
What do you call an IT teacher who touches his students? A PDF file.
What's the difference between a Jew and a boy scout? The boy scout comes back from his camp.
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? Because they taste funny.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side... of the abortion clinic.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing, it just let out a little wine.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father in law.
What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas? Gloves! Nah, just kidding. He still hasn't unwrapped his present.
Why did Hitler commit suicide? He got the gas bill.
Why did Princess Diana cross the road? Because she wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
What's the difference between acne and a Catholic priest? Acne waits until a boy is 13 to come on his face.
Why did the blind man fall into the well? Because he couldn't see that well.
Why did the terrorist cross the road? To get to the other side of the checkpoint.
What's the difference between a nun in church and a nun in the bath? The location of the cucumber.
What's the difference between a coffin and a condom? One you go in, the other you come in.
Why did the computer go to the doctor? Because it had a virus.
What's the difference between a baby and a bag of cocaine? Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.
Why don't orphans play baseball? They don't know where home is.
Why did the blonde get fired from the M&M factory? She kept throwing away all the W's.
Why did the man with no arms fall off his bike? Because he couldn't brake.
What's the difference between a lawyer and a prostitute? A prostitute stops screwing you when you're dead.
Why did the chicken commit suicide? To get to the other side.
Why did the sperm cross the road? Because I put on the wrong sock this morning.
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza? A pizza doesn't scream in the oven.
Why did the man with no ears go to the doctor? He couldn't hear himself fart.
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms? One's a Goodyear, the other's a great year.
Why did the boy fall off the swing? He had no legs.
What's the difference between a school and a terrorist training camp? Don't ask me, I just fly the drone.
Why did the girl fall off the swing? Because she had no arms.
Why did the plane crash? The pilot was a loaf of bread.
Why did the man with no legs go to the art museum? To see the Vincent van Gogh.
Why did the chicken go to the seance? To talk to Colonel Sanders.
Why did the old man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well.
What's the difference between a nun in church and a nun in the bath? One has hope in her soul, the other has soap in her hole.
Why do orphans never play baseball? They don't know where home is.
What's the difference between a woman and a computer? You can punch information into a computer.
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit? At least a zit waits until you're a teenager before it comes on your face.
Why do Jewish men die before their wives? They want to.
What's the difference between a baby and a bag of cocaine? Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.
Why was the guitar teacher arrested? For fingering A minor.
What's the difference between a lawyer and a gigolo? A gigolo only screws one person at a time.
What's the difference between a dead baby and a sandwich? I don't fuck my sandwich before I eat it.
Why don't blind people skydive? Because it scares the shit out of their dogs.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing.
What's the difference between a gay man and a refrigerator? The refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
What's the difference between a Ferrari and a pile of dead hookers? I don't have a Ferrari in my garage.
Why did the gay guy get a job at the sperm bank? He wanted to put his love into action.
What's the difference between a pile of dead babies and a Lamborghini? I don't have a Lamborghini in my garage.
Why did the leper hockey game get cancelled? There was a face-off in the corner.
What's the difference between a priest and acne? Acne usually comes on a boy's face after he turns 13.
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? Breasts don't have eyes.
What's the difference between a mosquito and a blonde? The mosquito stops sucking when you slap it.
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit? A zit waits until you're at least 13 before it comes on your face.
Why did the blonde bring a ladder to the bar? She heard the drinks were on the house.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogey in it.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple? Finding half a worm in your apple.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee before it was cool.
How many babies does it take to paint a wall? Depends on how hard you throw them.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side...of the slaughterhouse.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at the playground? He woke up.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
I told my wife she was average. She said "That's mean". I replied, "No, that's just median."
Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts.
What do you call a cow that just gave birth? De-calf-inated.
What do you call a snowman with a six-pack? An abdominal snowman.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
Why do we tell actors to "break a leg?" Because every play has a cast.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a trampoline and a well-dressed man on a trampoline? Attire.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in the water? Bob.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
What's the difference between a joke and a rhetorical question? You expect a punchline from a joke.
What's the difference between a woman and a computer? You only have to punch information into a computer once.
Why did the baker have smelly hands? He kneaded a poo.
Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles.
What do you get when you cross a snowman and a shark? Frostbite.
Why did the chicken go to the séance? To talk to the other side.
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
Why did the baby cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
What do you call a camel with three humps? Pregnant.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumbly.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in front of a door? Matt.
Why don't ants get sick? They have tiny ant-bodies.
Why don't oysters give to charity? They're shellfish.